Create Blog Post “use-mutation-testing-to-improve-your-software-engineering-skills” (#2578)
Nexmo/deved-platform: content/blog/en/use-mutation-testing-to-improve-your-software-engineering-skills.md

---
title: Use Mutation Testing to Improve Your Software Engineering Skills!
description: Code coverage is great, but mutation testing is better. Watch the
  video to improve your coding skills and seamlessly integrate it into your
  CI/CD pipeline.
author: max-kahan
published: false
published_at: 2023-08-24T01:47:35.349Z
updated_at: 2023-08-24T01:33:56.732Z
category: inspiration
tags:
  - github
  - opensource
  - python
comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---
Video to be embedded from YouTube goes here, at the top of the page!

-------------

> Code coverage (the percentage of your code tested by your tests) is a great metric. However, coverage doesn’t tell you how good your tests are at picking up changes to your codebase - if your tests aren’t well-designed, changes can pass your unit tests but break production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code coverage (the percentage of code executed when running your tests) is a great metric. However, coverage doesn’t tell you how good your tests are at picking up changes to your codebase; simply because it's a quantity metric. If your tests aren’t well-designed, changes can pass your unit tests but break production. 
```

> Mutation testing is a great (and massively underrated) way to quantify how much you can trust your tests. Mutation tests work by changing your code in subtle ways, then applying your unit tests to these new, "mutant" versions of your code. If your tests fail, great! If they pass… that’s a change that might cause a bug in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutation testing is a great (and massively underrated) way to quantify how much you can trust your tests. Mutation tests work by changing your code in subtle ways and then applying your unit tests to these "mutated" versions of your code. If your tests fail, great! If they pass… it means your test wasn't good enough to detect this change.
```
